Replace academy links with ComHub LP links (#2386)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/framework/data-handling/writing-data.md

You also might want to have a look at the concept behind the [Data abstraction layer](../../../../../concepts/framework/data-abstraction-layer.md) first to get a better grasp of how it works.

::: info

> Refer to this video on **[Using repositories](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3wOs_OWvP0)** that covers the basics of repositories. Also available on our free online training ["Shopware 6 Backend Development"](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/path/shopware-backend-development-intermediate).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For Academy learning content on events, subscribers, and dependency injection, see the **[Data Abstraction Layer](https://hub.shopware.com/learn/course/data-abstraction-layer)** course in the free **Shopware Backend Development Intermediate** learning path.
```
